[Music]
another glorious morning
dad always says the pack stays together
that's my girl seat belt mode
now we're searching for a perfect place
to call
what the home is that it's the end of
the world
well that's it for me i'm glad it's you
chunky
isn't it strange how this food grows in
perfectly strict
genius
[Music]
i thought cave people died off years ago
emphasis on the better
hey girl another teenage girl yeah
a girl friend i've never
i don't know if cave people belong in a
modern world
what's your problem big guy this place
is changing everyone
die and we really need to limit thunks
window time
not now douglas the birds are on in my
day we didn't stare at birds
we fought them let me live my life
whoa what's that it's just a scar every
mark is an adventure
and my dad doesn't even know about this
one whoa
peanut toe you're not allowed outside
the wall
nope this farm is like your cave
you're just like me i feel like taking
chips you see that wall yeah i want to
jump in
we'll be back before anyone knows
you took dawn for a joyride the
betterment built the wall for a reason
that's not good
the only way to survive is if the pack
stays together
in such a dangerous world i worry about
my family
too what's that
kill circle
today is a good day to die
hey everyone you'll never guess what i
found out sorry honey
we thought you were a predator trying to
kill us no never apologize for an
effective kill circle
hold on stop you accessorize with a
sloth i accessorize with the sloth
this is built mindset
we want to underscore again that we're
coming to chicago peacefully but whether
we're giving permits or not
we're coming we're going to chicago to
protest the vietnam war
there's no place to be right now but in
it we watched for a decade while these
rebels without a job
tell us how to prosecute a war well
they're going to spend their 30s in a
federal facility
real time people say you know abby are
you concerned about an overreaction from
the cops
holy you're all right
it was until i saw that
are the people ready to make opening
arguments at the defense table
abby hoffman jerry rubin dave dellinger
ronnie davis lee weiner jon freunds tom
hayden and bobby seal these defendants
had a plan
and the plan was to incite a riot i
called this portion of the trial
with friends like these my trials begun
without my lawyer the court assumes you
are being represented by
the black panther sitting behind you the
riots were started by the chicago police
department
sustained nobody objected
jurors 6 and eleven they're with us
drawer number six and juror number
eleven you're dismissed from this jury
can you tell us why because this is my
courtroom
we've dealt with jury tampering
wiretapping a defendant that was
literally gagged
you're the first to suggest that i have
discriminated against a black man
then let the record show that i'm the
second
but when we walked in here this morning
they were chanting that the whole world
is watching if we leave here without
saying anything about why we came in the
first place it'll be heartbreaking
the last summer why did you come to the
convention to end the war
we're giving them exactly what they want
a stage and an audience
yeah you really think there's going to
be a big audience
[Applause]
this is what revolution looks like real
revolution we may have to hurt
somebody's feelings
is this prosecution politically
motivated and tired of hearing you
it would be impossible for me to care
any less
what you are tired of here
[Applause]
we have to find some careers now
how much is it worth you what's your
price to call off the revolution
my life open your eyes cause a new
day is dawning
the new day is dawning
dad morning sweetheart
she's on the roof with smelly okay
mom come down this minute young lady
gina's on the roof naked
hey gina i'm not that big fat ginger
slapper
here we go
[Music]
something moved out that chair for years
she used to be really beautiful you know
wild my dad says she was so full of life
before she got ill
i know i'm a crap mum substitute but
what is it climbing to number 30 the
smiths
this charming man's complexity
i think she's trying to sleep
blimey who's that wally
dearest morrissey i'm sure you get
hundreds of letters but
i just had to write to you i had such a
strange feeling when i saw you on the
telly
it was like you were singing just to me
your greatest fan alice it's a letter to
morrissey you think you're right there
[Music]
[Applause]
i can't bear to think that this is her
for the rest of her life she's like a
big stranded whale i wanted to have fun
again
i just want something to change what
have you done
i've asked to reduce mom's medication
she agreed
[Music]
can't you find a nice girl who oh
doesn't have a mad mother
[Music]
mom's somehow got out of the hospital
i hope you didn't get up to anything how
are you feeling
what is that has this been here the
whole time the poof yeah
i don't know probably
prepare yourselves for a new form of
extraterrestrial terror
just when you thought the world couldn't
get weirder experience the incredible
tale of how humans
lost planet earth young
lovers a weak in the country
a thrilling story of survival
from outer space they arrived they're
furry
ugly deadly poops
with an insatiable thirst for world
domination
i guess i don't really know what a poof
is
what it's like an ottoman like a furry
footstool okay i thought maybe it was
more like a decorative move what's a
decorative poof what do you mean that's
why i don't i do not know
they will soon be invading theaters and
homes all over america
when they arrive would you wait to be
rescued
or would you save yourselves
what was that it doesn't it doesn't
matter let's just keep going yeah
okay so you have to find
the three brightest lights there
that make the triangle these ones
and that's where the milky way is
it's good to get back on the road again
don't you think
but how about just exploring the outer
regions of
fifth gear
[Applause]
[Music]
all right if you had one wish in the
world
what would it be i wish this holiday
wouldn't end
so can you tell that it's gotten worse
i'd like to make a speech i uh
well maybe maybe sam will do it for you
i'd love to do it for me
now as most of you will know i'm slowly
losing my ability
to remember and i definitely wouldn't be
here
if it weren't for this man next to me
i want to be remembered for who i was
but not for who i'm about to become
[Music]
it's not fair to you it's not about fair
it's about love
not sam i want to see this through with
you
to the end
[Music]
you know a very wise man once said we
will not
starve for lack of wonders
but from lack of wonder
you're glorious dynam i
[Music]
you want to am taking to the road
changed who i thought i was yeah
yeah travel is the best education it's
the only education really
i just returned from two years in india
the stories i saw and heard are amazing
i'm gonna try you out on a fashion
assignment if you want me to love you
they give a pay cuts if you don't smile
you don't fit into your costume or if we
don't do the bunny dip while serving
i've been working nine hours with no
break maybe we ought to join a union
how about next time going on a cover on
the porno business
those are too big they hide your
beautiful face they're perfect
those women and bunny outfits are gonna
thank you one day
i have a fear of public speaking what
dorothy and i have to say is too
important
not to say it this is the year of
women's liberation
a simple right to reproductive freedom
it's basic
we're here to make revolution not just
dinner we gotta stop
sucking and begin to buy it
you're working from within the movement
now change comes from within
every minute is a chance to change the
world
where are you lesbians what are you the
alternative
i thought i would talk about why harvard
law school needs women
more than women needed how dare you this
is going to be a disaster
stop the bus you're broken down the
entire
are we there yet
this isn't the first time you've had
knives thrown at you
why didn't i object get out and slam the
door you will
lots of times speaking your mind will
get you in deep trouble
the truth will set you free but first it
will piss you off
the road is messy and the way the real
life is messy
it leads us out of denial and into
reality
[Music]
it leads us out of our heads
and into our hearts
[Music]
and we'll do it a thousand times
again
[Music]
you sound great yeah right what you told
me you weren't feeling it you were in it
we don't need to put them all out
[Music]
your hearing is deteriorating rapidly
we'll come back till then lou we just
keep going okay no
lou let's play them all see what it's
like okay i'm gonna be like a click
track you can play to me
i found a place i think it's important
that you stay here with us right now
reuben
we're looking for a solution to
this not this
i need you to wait for me okay you're
right for me losing my part you're in
for me
okay you gotta wait for me
trying to save my life reuben
the world does keep moving it can be a
damn cruel place
but those moments of stillness
when this
[Music]
crappy mundane world
suddenly becomes raining the magnificent
[Music]
all the fear is gone
that place
will never abandon you
every time i go to a chinese restaurant
all of my friends they're like
will order a mandarin bro they gonna
hook it up i'm like bro
win panda express her name text says
consuela
on it i don't think that's a mandarin
name
[Music]
look at the road ahead of me right now
and it's in a cubicle selling things i
don't believe it
don't stop don't stop believing hanford
california stephen perry journey
the only silver lining is i can't
possibly hang myself in a cubicle
yo pennsylvania improv asked me if i
could recommend
a comic last minute i said you he said
great wow guess who's headlining billy
gee
one two three and an improv
that's a big deal if you want to make
this more than a one-time thing
make the audience laugh i've been a
little bit of a bummer lately
and my girlfriend said if i was a city i
would be like seattle
what is he doing or you know
who is this this is willie's i'm seeing
this weekend super funny guy
so will what's going on in your world so
i'm from ohio
oh come on well originally i was from
kansas that's not funny either
maybe stand-up is just not really in the
cards you know yeah you bummed
bombed hard too your ass should be on
the tsa watch list
i'm not like the macho guy like i'm
really good looking
if you're into anime
[Music]
the thing about stand up is that you
have a chance
to be better today than you was
yesterday
now ladies and gentlemen
[Music]
[Applause]
oh
tonight we've got rather different
program
i am david attenborough and i am
93. i've had the most extraordinary life
it's only now that i appreciate how
extraordinary
the living world is a unique and
spectacular marvel
yet the way we humans live on earth
is sending it into a decline
human beings have overrun the world
we're replacing the wild with the tame
this film is my witness statement and my
vision of the future
the story of how we came to make this
our greatest mistake
and how if we act now we can yet
put it right
our planet is headed for disaster
[Music]
we need to learn how to work with nature
rather than against it
and i'm going to tell you how
new monday's my last shift 38 years to
the day
yeah i don't know what we're going to do
without you stan well what do you know
about this replacement of yours
oh except his name's javon siobhan what
kind of name is that
you got any fast food experience
has eaten it you know i i just don't
think he's a good figure
and it's your job to train him
there's an art to the third shift you
gotta do a little bit of everything
improvise
a big part of working here is teamwork
teamwork what do we crock it in tubs
that's game baby you know my life was a
whole lot easier before i met you
i worked my butt off and you just float
through life
you honestly think that this whole
freeloading universe is out to get you
you're stuck in here same as me
you know the whole thing wreaks of a
failing autocracy yeah i know
[Music]
i'm john i'm an alcoholic i've been in
the program now for six years
sober for three this is scary
it's new i never saw a body like that
there's gonna be a lot of late nights in
overtime because of the brutal murder
that happened in town
and i didn't want to set up expectations
that i can't keep our expectations of
you are very
low fans of the bikes are gigantic same
as it just the paw prints
it's a wolf or maybe it's a werewolf no
let me just make this perfectly clear
there is no such thing as werewolves
our killer is a guy and i'm gonna find
him and i'm gonna kill
and we're gonna bring him to justice we
have every reason to believe that this
monster will show up again tonight
i won't ask you to pray with me because
of the goddamn lawyers
[Music]
where were you where were you john
nobody talked to me once okay they're
saying it's a walt no it's a man when do
i get to be right about something
[Music]
just do your job do your job i am
begging you
[Music]
you want to be sheriff how about we
started
[Music]
now don't want to cause anyone any
offense but i bought my own presents
this year
just need the money now i'm not giving
you that well you have to
so you've got no choice
[Music]
i love it
how are you feeling fine good
funny we're putting you on a different
dose of medication
jane you don't remember me no i don't
know
[Music]
well i'm like a rock star now
would you like to spend more time with
me can i think about it
thanks thanks good reasons
[Music]
what if there's no such thing as
happiness only moments have not been
depressed
i think i love you i definitely love you
you did you react
how do i look nice it's boring
[Music]
so
aah
[Music]
hmm
be
[Music]
b
my
[Music]
foreign
you